Terms and Conditions

Welcome to VenuEase! These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of our venue booking platform, located at [website URL].

By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions. Do not continue to use VenuEase if you do not agree to take all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.

Cookies

We employ the use of cookies. By accessing VenuEase, you agreed to use cookies in agreement with the VenuEase's Privacy Policy.

License

Unless otherwise stated, VenuEase and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on VenuEase. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may access this from VenuEase for your own personal use subjected to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.

You must not:

Republish material from VenuEase
Sell, rent, or sub-license material from VenuEase
Reproduce, duplicate, or copy material from VenuEase
Redistribute content from VenuEase
Reservation of Rights

We reserve the right to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our Website. You approve to immediately remove all links to our Website upon request. We also reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions and it’s linking policy at any time. By continuously linking to our Website, you agree to be bound to and follow these linking terms and conditions.

Removal of links from our website

If you find any link on our Website that is offensive for any reason, you are free to contact and inform us any moment. We will consider requests to remove links but we are not obligated to do so or to respond to you directly.

We do not ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we promise to ensure that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.

Disclaimer

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties, and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website. Nothing in this disclaimer will:

limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury;
limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and prohibitions of liability set in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort, and for breach of statutory duty.

As long as the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.